CI-15122 Changes to Build Intelligence Overview page (#8878)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-intelligence.md

      cloneCodebase: true
      buildIntelligence: 
        enabled: true # Build intelligence enabled
      execution:
        steps:
          - step:
              type: Action
              name: Set up Gradle
              identifier: Set_up_Gradle
              spec:
                uses: gradle/gradle-build-action@v2
                with:
                  gradle-version: "8.5"
          - step:
              type: Run
              name: build
              identifier: build
              spec:
                shell: Sh
                command: ./gradlew build --profile  # '--profile' is optional but advised for gradle
```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Cloud" label="Harness Cloud" default>

:::info
- Build Intelligence feature is behind the feature flags `CI_CACHE_ENABLED` and `CI_ENABLE_BUILD_CACHE_HOSTED_VM`. 

Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
:::

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="Self Hosted" label="Self Hosted" default>
  :::info
    - Build Intelligence is only supported for Kubernetes on self-hosted build infrastructure. 
  - To use Build Intelligence with self-hosted builds the following feature flags need to be enabled: 

>   `CI_CACHE_ENABLED` and 'CI_ENABLE_BUILD_CACHE_K8' To authenticate to your S3 bucket using OIDC enabled `PL_GCP_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION` for GCP or `CDS_AWS_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION` for AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `CI_CACHE_ENABLED` and `CI_ENABLE_BUILD_CACHE_K8` To authenticate to your S3 bucket using OIDC enabled `PL_GCP_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION` for GCP or `CDS_AWS_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION` for AWS.
```
